[APPSEC-73] Modify rule S6096: Educational content (C#) (#1190)
SonarSource/rspec: rules/S6096/common/fix/how-does-this-work.adoc

> The universal way to prevent Zip Slip is to validate the paths constructed from untrusted data. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The universal way to prevent Zip Slip is to validate the paths constructed from untrusted archive entry names. 
```

The validation should be done as follow:

1. Resolve the canonical path of the file by using methods like `{canonicalization_function1}` or `{canonicalization_function2}`. This will resolve relative path or path components like `../` and removes any ambiguity regarding the file's location. 
2. Check that the canonical path is within the directory where the file should be located.

> 3. Ensure the target directory path ends with a forward slash to prevent partial path traversal, for example, */base/dirmalicious* starts with */base/dir* but not */base/dir/*.

Reviewer: "Not with" is ambiguous here
```suggestion
3. Ensure the target directory path ends with a forward slash to prevent partial path traversal, for example, */base/dirmalicious* starts with */base/dir* but not start with */base/dir/*.
```
